Added/Improved Intros for the Map Topics (#6887)
github/docs: content/github/getting-started-with-github/using-git/index.md

---
title: Using Git

> intro: 'Learn about tools and terminologies used in Git to manage workflows of your remote repositories from a local machine.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
intro: 'Use Git to manage your {% data variables.product.product_name %} repositories from your computer.'
```
